the goal make your opponents craft but
if you laugh smile or smirk does it
there's me you're eliminated
[Music]
hello and welcome to the Final Fantasy
super-duper race between James Williams
racing Final Fantasy 7 the original will
the Steam version and Adam Kovac doing
the reaming let's get started oh my
right now go oh oh my goodness
wait come on
[Music]
enjoy the game Meister and I will be
managing this you guys will have three
hours to start or to get as far as you
can in the game and we're gonna stop
further you're familiar okay I'm very
familiar yeah awfully familiar not with
the new one though do you know what the
concept of racing oh yeah yeah okay and
as game Meister I will be popping in
every now and then to see how everything
is faring and to throw a couple
challenges your way if there's cutscenes
are you allowed to skip cutscenes cuz I
don't think Final Fantasy 7 lets you
skip cutscene to the original yeah I
also I refuse the skip cuts yeah remake
so there's gonna be more all right
five four three two one
I don't what do you see I see stars is
your game look like a accurate rendition
of modern-day Tokyo I mean yeah okay
cool there's a there's a woman with
flowers walking with flowers that she
almost got hit by a steampunk motorcycle
I'm looking at a shot that has more
polygons in it than the entirety of your
game I'll remember that slide that you
go do later in the game it's like a you
know that little parkour music sound
like it was uh it was played by one of
those guys who puts the the keyboard in
his mouth and then it only sounds like
there's 52 people in this Orchestra as
opposed to the one guy on a MIDI
controller there's Jessie she just
kicked a garden I'm I'm still seeing
eros I'm sorry I dareth Mike super cool
character looks like he just did a flip
off the top of a train I have to pretend
I've never played this for some strange
girl looking at a plumbing problem
what's my name ask you something you
won't be able to do I can't rename
myself oh because they have cutscene
that's gonna name this guy
Barrett okay I just hit the logo some
character named ex-soldier is upon this
train I don't know who he is
oh it's probably buried but who's the
name of this guy well guess shot in the
dark
euphy
all right Barrett's making me ever work
fair just walk past a meeting care lets
you mean your feet oh sorry
all right this was like metal gear now
so you're playing a game that's cool
okay we're kind of spells have you are
mom I haven't checked yet I've just been
slashing cuz this is speed race it's
becoming chess yeah I think I find like
two chests oh I found a chest Wow
I think we just synched up on chess they
just said cloud has balls did they say
that I don't think I saw that one no I
didn't get that goofy just shouted
planets dying bear it I'm confused I
almost have my first Limit Break limit
what did they teach you how to use a
ladder not yet right now I'm walking
onto a dog so when the guards throw
grenades at you you press circle and
dodge right no I've just been mostly
hitting a barracks about to do oh oh
sorry I got keys it's not fair it was
gonna do this Limit Break but it was
cloud who is Barrett so I don't remember
this in the original Final Fantasy 7 do
they ever tell you that you need to hold
down X the whole time to run or D just
sort of figured out on accident they
have not told me yet that I need to hold
it down to run Jessie just cut a hole in
the gate that was that you're not even
in the reactor yet no I were in the
reactor we're in team I'm running around
hitting boxes oh there's a safe point
what can we know when you get to your
first save point let me know when you
find your first Mako shard loser
you have a block button right I'm
telling you I have one button and it's
you just tap it point your little
Mickey's hand at the enemy you want to
kill and then it'll kill it all right I
made it to the core of the Mako reactor
I'm setting the bomb we get to the
bridge both makos storage oh there it is
I'm fighting the scorpion right already
yeah you're having a great Christmas you
got a copy of tow ball number two yeah
Phoebe careful attack while its tail is
up it's gonna contract with its laser Oh
too late that's not fair I had already
planned that attack damn you 18 beatdown
I got damn it I'm in the middle of a
boss fight well you'll just have to deal
with it
won't you the good thing about this yeah
I was gonna say is it's a turn base so I
still got two more attacks in welchman
talking pretty truly now time for a bit
of trivia what is the goal of avalanche
buzz go for it James - to prevent Shinra
from draining all the Mako from the
planet and destroying the planet sure
that works Adam who is the mayor of
Midgard
oh it's mayor Shinra no that's not right
incorrect
James same question I just want to
interject this boss is still beating me
up while this is happening
I don't know who the mayor of Midgar is
he's the honeybee lounge guy time's up
the answer is domino what wait that was
it what was our punishment
we got one I got one right and he got
what wrong my sister is gone okay all
right back to it I guess you're not
losing are ya like to know your Barret
my cloud is having a true flashback now
what did it say say he just went that
you know that anime thing and now he's
yeah yeah he's in was it nipple helmert
ever wherever he hung out with t food
he's like I'm not gonna talk to you
until you got a huge rack alright time
to get serious
I beat him oh really
are you not where are you not going into
the Mako reactor yet a character named
Hyde Heidegger is talking to I believe
the president of Shinra while watching
surveillance footage of us on an
elevator cool 10 minutes to detonation
run how did how did they pronounce Mako
in your game is it Mach oh you know it's
hard to say because they don't pronounce
anything I'm actually controlling yuffie
when you control him does he also stand
in one place until you hit a three times
now right now is over charge I don't
know what that means I don't you're
talking about we just blew up the first
Mako reactor how are you doing I found
some cardboard boxes I'm moving through
the Laser grid and Jessi is you have to
get stuck in a washing machine that was
definitely in my music video
good job cloud I mean Barrett I can't
name him I didn't call him whatever he's
called yeah but in my game in the
original game he's known as Barrett my
Barrett doesn't spin his sword around
very fast my Barrett doesn't so much
spin the sword as he does hold his
polygon up and then the sword spins
wildly oh [__] I'm on a train I'm going
down a ladder what does it look like for
you uh as well as the ladder looked like
a train so remember that scene when you
went up to the reactor you had a
flashback mm-hmm and then a black
feather fell no sky and then the one
wind angel theme kicked in
no security check is often though that's
can't I'm not trying to spoil your game
for you but there's gonna be a security
check that goes off on the train I
remember that I'm fighting the scorpion
like creature oh yeah I killed that know
what you want to do is you want to take
your two characters you want to stand
them in a line across from the bad guy
uh-huh that's what you want to do Oh No
Jeffie Barrett's got a laser on don't
worry about that
don't attack while the tail is up I
learned that a hundred years ago all
right that's really getting into it we
have reached a two hour and 20 minute
mark there for more trivia I did attempt
to make a puzzle for you but the imaged
I used was too gratuitous and it was
deemed inappropriate and I was not
allowed to share it with you how does
the puzzle program DOS its robots what
is the name of sephiroth's sword buzz
buzz you James Masamune correct yes next
question Wang it's so big have either of
you met Tifa yet buzz what answer not
yet but you're familiar trivia why is
Tifa a member of vila
Adam Avalanche killed her dad and no way
I'm sorry Shinra killed her dad and she
wants to get revenge and she loves
clouds sure that works her hometown was
destroyed by a member of Shinra
including her father so that's like a
half answer so you get half points on
that what did the points go to again
don't question the game Meister final
question how do you get tifa's ultimate
limit break my final Hammond
buzz buzz you have to stop her slot
machine so that way it says like pow pow
pow
I think incorrect you have failed the
game Meister the correct answer is
player piano on disc three game Meister
oh oh okay again there's no
repercussions for getting them right or
wrong do not question the game Maestas
tactics I think I have to go meet you
know who president Shinra red 13
welcome home Barrett looks like
everything went well that must be nice
just get my ass kicked by Tasker panting
oh don't worry about that it's a lot
harder than I remember
is our theme this is red 13 themes is it
the sound of you fighting a scorpion
I'm gonna go flirt with Jessie in front
of red 13 so that way oh no cloud get
out of there you're being held by a
scorpion fighting that scorpion yeah
this is a tough fight a cloud died give
me something hard this game is very
involved not really mostly just hit a
I'm slowly getting into this game I
think I think Barrett just did his first
arm cross and down thing whoever came up
with that gesture should get a giant pay
raise they won't they're gonna be asked
to work harder I don't care about
neither Shinra nor soldier is aligned
that is just a translation error but
they kept for many years I don't care
about avalanche or the planet for that
matter I'm allergic to good right how
many cutscenes did your scorpion get
none it just kind of disappeared into
red I keep forgetting the block it's
it's weird I know there's a blonde
defend no yeah most people don't know
that's in the game you have to press
right under attack but so let you finish
but he's do something about it it's got
nothing to do with me I noticed you
didn't sneeze oh my god I can't believe
I forgot the promise that we made seven
years ago you fool show me show me the
promise she was so yo good there cloud
because her polygons had barely formed
alright I got mad I got nineteen and a
half minutes left on the timer Oh to
escape yeah we're moving
I feel like thinking they're gonna
really slow down from you after this
based off how but they slowed down for
me I heard talk of a train
oh yeah there's train alright I just
helped Jessie out from some robic making
a good time here oh my gosh the tutorial
I know how to do this the game's a
hundred years old
Oh one hour has completed put down those
controllers cuz it's time for a puzzle
alright controller down down five four
three two one it's puzzle time I just
found a piece that's cloud crying I'm
excuse me bear it still hurting that's
the other thing too I'm really bad at
puzzles really it's so easy like they're
all rotated the right way I I don't want
to give too much of a peek behind the
curtain visiting it ruins the fun I'm
playing on a very small screen on OBS
cuz I can't switch it between monitor
input excuses excuses
James has completed the puzzle it's such
a great puzzle right look at that
I'll get you stuff I'll share the one
that I tried to do that it that it
rejected and I'm pretty sure it's
because it has a male nipple in it I
want to see what it is how did you take
that you just find the corners you put
everything together well I I just made
my OBS window a little bigger so I can
see now what happens I won the puzzle so
now what does that do not question the
game Meister right okay you got it
three two one go race begins again game
I start out I only have 14 minutes left
on my countdown timer oh that's right
she punches the dude it's weird cuz you
were to use the Limit Break right but
and now they're waiting it to item
management here sell some bronze bangles
do it I'm giving you a little time to
catch up I'm talking everyone in this
slums
cloud just anime jumped out of a fall
off of a falling bridge that happened to
you right yeah I did that okay that's it
don't get don't get it to cut ahead of
yourself mmm don't get cocky kid that's
a reference though Final Fantasy
characters begs and which next stop
blowing up the reactor our game is about
to sink up is I just caught up no all
right no you didn't you blew up the
first reactor I'm blowing up the second
reactor you're going are you on the
train going back to the slums cuz I'm
gonna train going into Midgard
okay I'm in a big hallway I think I'm
gonna 100% this by the time we finish
this stream is there a 100% that's where
you get to see all of red 13s polygons I
should clarify when I say red 13 I'm
referring to Tifa so confused walking it
down we gotta go
yeah my my chair is just giving it a you
know aroused speech an aroused speech
yeah
oh my god sorry control good writing
home oh come on it's time for another
round of trivia boys okay I still don't
know what the trivia means question one
what is red 13 buzz-buzz received
he's like an ancient dog incorrect the
correct answer is who the [__] knows
next question James why is red 13
because he's an experiment Shinra
experimented on many creatures Adam who
is red 13s dad he's a bald guy who lives
in that village with the cool song
that's my answer
yeah that works there you go game
Meister out I like those little
interruptions yeah cuz they're there's
no snakes you know it's not like there's
a problem like you're losing time or
gaining time controllers no what no
everybody all right Jesse just handed me
a healing materia is that like your I
already forgot about her question for
Adam yeah what's up where was Jesse
keepin that healing materia
[Laughter]
there's a lot of kids probably watching
this from home right now and I don't
want it was a rhetorical question okay
was it it was her snatch oh it's so cool
you see the material on my weapon I
added it it's there I don't see that
where's that online oh I already found
suffer off so what yeah who I don't even
know who that is yet I hope he's walking
away never mind fights over I feel like
we may have gone in different paths here
you know the scene where after you blow
up the maca reactor and then you you
walk around town and it turns like black
and white and you're doing a flashback
and Sephiroth shows up and he like kind
of beckons you to like fall I got meat
flower girl she walked away people were
screaming and then that was that do you
say heiress or Aerith cuz I'm gonna keep
saying it depends on how it's spelled
cuz in this game it's Arabs it spelled
era everything separate voice is a bit
deeper than I thought it would be
I thought his voice just sounded like
little blips of a text oh did you
customize your menu yet you scrub uh I
haven't done that yeah you don't want
that default blue crowd just tried to
he's braver on Sephiroth and then he
turned into dust and all the fire went
away oh there's the window all right now
I'm playing the game they took away cool
features like that from new games yeah I
always feel like stuff like that
happened because someone went hey how do
you feel about like if we had a system
in there where you can customize the
window and someone went I don't care I'm
working on this background go away come
on I'm having a very serious flashback
it's her father
Sephiroth did Sephiroth do this to you
oh my god
[Music]
hey all you cats and kittens we're at
the halfway mark 90 minutes of past 90
minutes remain
you know what that means it's time to
sneak into dawn corneas honeybee Manor
or whatever not even close
how do you close so what you gotta do is
you will have two minutes to crossdress
what all right two minutes and the timer
starts nananananana
[Music]
back Oh Adam you have won the contest
can we get a quick turn around he show
up the look I'm back oh wow you even put
makeup on
I know who is getting into the honeybee
Manor tonight it's both of you it's a
tie
you both look gorgeous okay welcome to
the honeybee Manor definitely put this
on backwards and choking me he has a
blouse on I'm also wearing a bra but you
can't tell ya when you get extra points
for that and James gets extra points for
those luscious lip ollas I don't know
what you're talking about
thank you game Meister
we sure have a good one thank you don't
we stay like this now yep okay all right
I might need this one for being just
your fun regular game play your pants
around your ankles - what's happening
all right that's at the bomb in my game
Aerith is just known as flower peddler
and she's being chased by Dementors oh
this is no women feel all the time Wow
very lucky yeah Elise you're very lucky
bras make me lightheaded I think that's
supposed to happen oh it's the president
of shamrock Domino himself is that the
name we decided here we go boss fight
like boss fight I'm fighting the robot
he's protecting the reactor Oh big
damage remember the Shock Troopers being
this harsh but here we are once getting
really lightheaded from all this dress I
should have worn something light and
breezy like I did oh my god huge damage
yeah I'm doing that too pretty much the
same game anything about it I got him
I think I got him I finished him with
braver oh that's cool I bear a signature
attack you think there's another
challenge where we have to change back I
hope so
one of my major turn offs for eros other
than the fact that she covers her whole
body with clothes go on yes giant for
our controllers down
oh but I'm just about to name her no all
right y'all you know what time it is do
I do we trivia time it's time for some
trivia but this time it's special
because instead of one answer there's a
certain number of them the question for
both of you and you can answer together
is can you name all of the video games
and films that exist in the compilation
of Final Fantasy 7 metaseries all right
so Final Fantasy 7 yep and then there's
Advent Children Advent Children Edmund
children one is that's one Final Fantasy
7 the ps2 crisis core crisis or correct
I was gonna say the Vincent name dirge
of cerberus that's the one tell me is
there Mors two more running out of time
I mean we're all running at a time and
that's time the other two are before
crisis : Final Fantasy 7 and last order
: Final Fantasy 7 which I believe was an
OVA alright okay I believe you didn't
know that I believe you okay Meister now
all right bye game Meister thanks for
nothing I think I'm about to jump on the
train what yeah catch up me push the
barrel come on [__] wrong barrel you
fight the huntsmen the Huntsman yeah I
remember he's got a big shield no he's
the guy at the red shield don't know
what you're talking about
you can only attack people from one
direction okay I'm staggering the
Huntsman who he's a boss kind of oh no
clouds surrounded James what is he gonna
do
if only you could guide me from the past
drop onto the train I'm remembering what
did James do train kill what they kills
one guard
okay and then he should it kills he
singles out one guard murders him and it
jumps on the train yeah yeah that's
weird it's one to one
I can't believe with the games that
we're playing our one-to-one controllers
down oh my god huh geez how do you feel
I mean I could play this game of tag
yeah yeah you're not worn down from all
of these challenges not at all I
honestly think the shirt I was wearing
earlier was the most uncomfortable part
of this whole challenge so well then get
ready to actually be challenged that's
right it's time for another competition
it's time to draw yourself as a Final
Fantasy 7 character how do you want us
to do that sir with the best drawing
application there is Microsoft Paint you
got it okay now are we going do we start
yes okay how much time do we have what
how much how much time you have three
and a half minutes hours
hmm I see Adam is going for a more
traditional look while James is doing
more of a nightmare approach
[Music]
all right that's time hold on oh all
right extra yep okay that's what I
thought
okay the lights done all right I guess
it's a tie because what Adam drew
himself as cloud and James drew himself
as small from final fantasy you're both
disqualified no but look John look he
pulls this trigger and it goes like
fires bullets while also cutting extra
points for animation controllers up game
Meister I'm gonna have to leave here at
some point you know I got a battle with
a cat some good writing happening over
there clouds just trying to subtly walk
through a train with his giant sword and
your version he walked on the train
without a sword his sword appears when
needed yeah exactly
he's got a lot of good material
Barrett's got a lot of good material
here he's talking down to a bunch of
Shinra employees saying how great
avalanches he's really subtle so many
houses to go in I feel like I should be
avoiding this for the sake of speed but
I'm just so compelled I think I'm at a
disadvantage because of all the
cutscenes I have to deal with well I
kind of have cutscenes too all right and
you mean dialog boxes yes sir luckily I
can read very fast and ignore what
people say there's a karate man on the
wall there kind of looks like John Cena
say Barrett lacks subtlety he's sitting
on a train with a machine gun hand many
hires cloud who has a giant Buster Sword
no one else carries their weapons enough
Tifa uses her hand-to-hand fighting
skills and her constant nagging to win
fights do you ever look back at Final
Fantasy 7 as the game that sparked your
interest in steampunk no I guess they
didn't really think of it that way but
like when you really got into steam
and you thought like man I love all
these gears on hats and these pipes that
go nowhere you know and I want to dress
like this in public you have you thought
you thought back to like your childhood
right and you're like man it all started
with this little little game yeah I
don't know that I did but sure my second
question is why do you keep declining my
steampunk party invites oh man I'm
catching up you better watch out James
are you yeah I'm getting close to 7 7
oh well yeah I passed that place a
thousand years ago the only Munir is
this house she's gonna invite me to bed
sue me Kate safe house oh god damn it oh
and welcome to the next challenge
puzzle time puzzle will commence in five
four three two one go the Chocobo the
trick is you got to find the corner
pieces first all right yes you're right
oh my mouse died hey I'm still gonna
lose I hope you know there's no losing
when it comes damn it my mouth keeps
dying I of all I mean my handicap is a
small OBS screaming I thought your
handicap is your brain I don't know
where you ever got the idea that I'm
good or fast at puzzles oh god damn it
oh my gosh darn it one day I'll do a
puzzle oh you don't want to finish the
puzzle Wow it's a good photo all right
the race will recommence I already found
a clue of a murder there's a blood stain
she's talking about her first boyfriend
oh my god probably knew him what was his
name doesn't really matter what his name
was whoa
[Music]
beautiful except the stars are a city I
think we're all mostly the honeybee
lounge what you are both of us have done
it together yeah there it is
the honeybee divas practically throwing
herself at cloud and she goes is there
anything I can do for it he's like money
give me money as he charged three
thousand to the muscle Jim oh you're the
guys in squats
I think I'm fighting one of the guys
from Kingdom Hearts now oh my god okay
again I don't know if I'm supposed to
stop playing or if that's just an
accident but happened there well never
know wow they're playing the song
although I'm gonna turn this up a little
bit for myself she knows a lot about
life in love and I sure could use some
balls I love it don't know what song
you're referring to well I can't sing it
but all I have is stuff that sounds like
clarinet came up with it let me know
where you get to the tent that has a
Gatling gun in it I'm in the sector
seven slums I'm also in the sector seven
slums no but in the future in the past
future can we stand in the same place
and try to find each other
uh-huh sure hate even make me some eggs
and chips would ya she makes food for
you he does whatever I tell her to
because she's my girlfriend
is she my girlfriend in real life if I
have a body pillow of her that I keep
hidden in the closet yeah I think that
just shows how much you care about her
controllers ready damn it that's right
it's time for the final showdown for all
of the marbles nothing before this
moment has mattered at all right that's
right not at all it's time for a
one-on-one showdown in air skies I
didn't think he'd be able to get it
right but he got it exactly right
[Music]
were they uneducated air skies is a
Smash Brothers style fighter from
PlayStation games or something do you
guys have it where you can play against
each other no absolutely not
we tried we tried howdy boy howdy did we
try I think the idea is whoever can beat
two opponents in arcade mode first
sounds like a plan who shall I play as
alright Adam is ready
James is choosing his character now
alright
the competition will commence in five
four three two one go
who'd you pick Adam cloud I fix that for
us
oh no you're gonna win I'm fighting
onobu it appears that both players are
in some sort of wrestling rink it's
pretty easy if you just whip out your
sword
it's just Adam cutting down an unarmed
man
while James gets his ass handed to win
he's won alright Adam has defeated his
first opponent great commentary from the
game Meister game i sir
agreed Joe has cloud on the ropes Joe
appears to be using electricity and
capoeira oh no I lost Adam has lost to
Joe Oh Joe turned into a tiger what the
[__] this game what do you mean it's our
guys oh my gosh I got my butt kicked too
I wish they could tell this game that I
don't have any quarters to give it she
so she sets up you both have one more
chance I'll be Joe
damn it I can't care mode I can't do
anything oh no she's a camera
[Music]
I want Adam is the winner that's right
Adam you have won the competition yeah
if you want everything do you guys have
any closing words get good at air guys
Jess yeah I guess I shouldn't [__] ever
guys all right everyone thank you so
much all right for competing today and
Sephiroth just flew away in a helicopter
and this concludes the Final Fantasy 7
ultimate competition a great job Adam
thank you James
it was an honor going up against you but
ultimately it all comes down to who's
good at Erica
[Music]